added clarification on what the permissions are for. (#6680)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/secrets/secrets-management/custom-secret-manager.md

### Permissions

> The following permissions are required to create a custom secret manager. These permissions are not required to use the custom resource manager after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permissions are required to create a custom secret manager. However, these permissions are not required to use the custom resource manager after it's created.
```
